### call 23-Mar-2017 / GoToMeeting

participants: Dinis / Seba / Francois / Johanna

**Agenda:**
1) workshops (Dinis)
2) staff support (Dinis)
3) new design website (dinis/francois)
4) getting more peeps to register (all)

notes:
------
Dinis working on new design web site
focus on getting more content on page http://owaspsummit.org/new/working-sessions.html
animate logo: boxes / assembling towards logo - use this on twitter
involve/send support requests to Johanna to get this done + add to a tracking request page in the logistics part of GitHub (all)
Francois has done 2 podcasts (secure app developer, ...)
once the working session details become more clear, we can start with a high level schedule

closed actions:
---------------
Update the logo and create a banner (Francois?) - Lisa 
Add Workshop on SOC/DevSecOps - Francois
Improve the Threat Modeling call - Dinis - done
send email to past summit mailing lists (Dinis) - done seba
create discount code for supported/sponsored people (Seba) - done
Figure out how to support the first batch of owasp leaders that need support (http://owaspsummit.org/Logistics/Participants-need-support.html) - done

open actions:
-------------
recover mailing list previous owasp summits (seba - requested to Kate) - ongoing - #156
Crosscheck github with registered people (with logos of companies?). (Seba)
create a mailing list of registered participants (Seba) - #157
link all these actions to github issues (summit editor - Nicki?) - Done by Seba
update home page with registration text #141
budget check to calculate impact of making the price incl VAT. - #158
check with venue what the charged VAT is and check with Alison what can be recovered? (Seba) - #159
include regonline fee as a cost (check with Kate) (Seba) - #160
ask gary to have a spot to promote the summit at the conference (Seba) - #161
add more details to OWASP Projects Reviews (Dinis) - 162
add more details to OWASP SAMM (Seba) - 140
add more detail to mobile security (Francois) - #163
resend tweetdeck invite to francois (Seba) - #164
invite summit editors for the next calls (Seba) - #165

follow-up actions points:
-------------------------
contact participants to register (Seba) - #166
create one line description per workshop (editors) - #167
reply to lisa with summary of ideas (dinis/francois) -??
followup on getting access to the mailing lists (Johanna)- done
create summit flyers for the chapter meetings / appseceu - A5 
(Dinis: content - Lisa: layout - seba: ask to input in appseceu brochure) - 168
create updated powerpoint deck - 5/6 slides (Dinis) - #169
testing guide villa - Matteo (Dinis) - #170
promote "featured" working sessions during the next couple of weeks (Dinis/Lisa) - SAMM, mobile security, TM, Testing Guide, ...
and use our own channels to promote these .... - #171
updating the sponsorship page (who still needs support) - Dinis - ??









