### call 20-Apr-2017 / GoToMeeting

participants: Dinis / Seba / Francois / Akshay

**Agenda:**
0) actions
1) pushing participants/everybody to buy tickets 
2) promotion with featured working sessions

status - featured will show up first
use twitter / slack / mailing list(s) / LinkedId
next week:
1) Mobile Security (Mon)
2) Testing Guide (Wed)
in 2 weeks:
1) Threat Modeling (Mon)
2) SAMM (Wed)

notes:
------
last week - Dinis/Francois - pushing marketing / improving website / helping Lisa

summit community funds
20 K allocated?
cross-check community funded list with the summit list (Dinis)
check for each participants what is covered and push to get the tickets
list the participants with needed costs => "crowd source" this from OWASP - example Adam Shostack
=> ask this on twitter / owasp chapters/projects ....

put new content online every 2 days to keep traction ...

advertise individual days to buy tickets

add 
plan/build/... categories/tags

closed actions:
---------------


open actions:
-------------
recover mailing list previous owasp summits (seba - requested to Kate) - ongoing - #156
create a mailing list of registered participants (Seba) - #157
budget check to calculate impact of making the price incl VAT. - #158
check with venue what the charged VAT is and check with Alison what can be recovered? (Seba) - #159
include regonline fee as a cost (check with Kate) (Seba) - #160
ask gary to have a spot to promote the summit at the conference (Seba) - #161
add more details to OWASP Projects Reviews (Dinis) - 162 - ongoing
contact participants to register (Seba) - #166
create one line description per workshop (editors) - #167 - started
create summit flyers for the chapter meetings / appseceu - A5 - 
(Dinis: content - Lisa: layout - seba: ask to input in appseceu brochure) - 168 - STARTED
create updated powerpoint deck - 5/6 slides (Dinis) - #169 - to be rebranded
testing guide villa - Matteo (Dinis) - #170 
promote "featured" working sessions during the next couple of weeks (Dinis/Lisa) - SAMM, mobile security, TM, Testing Guide, ...
and use our own channels to promote these .... - #171
updating the sponsorship page (who still needs support) - Dinis - ??


follow-up actions points:
-------------------------
invite lisa to slack channel (Francois) - 
find solution for working sessions participation (Dinis) -
clarify sponsorship devseccon (Dinis/Seba) - 
review update content new website - 
criteria for next steps for the working sessions - 
create google analytics (Dinis) - 
update logo to reflect the new "theme" - 
Get Mark Miller on board - 
push threat modeling session on Mon - 
push testing guide session on Wed - 
get Simon to work on ZAP working session - 
identify other channels/communities where to promote the summit! -
